# Smart-Health-System-Engineering

### Abstract

The USA Government has set out to develop and build a smart city capable of hosting over 50,000 residents and will be located within 50 miles of a nearby big city. The overall goal of the smart city is to be able to function on its own and utilize advanced technology to improve the lifestyles of its people. A part of the smart city, the smart health system is meant to serve as a way to maintain a healthy lifestyle for the residents in the smart city in an eco-friendly way. The team behind the development of the model smart health system has determined several key objectives to be met: that the health system must allow people to collect, track, analyze and share their health data in as secure and quick a way as possible.

To accomplish this, the team weighed several alternatives against each other. The chosen system, which is the use of both a cell phone application and additional wearable sensors like watches, was determined to be the most far reaching and effective solution. This proposed system will undergo rigorous testing of its five main subsystems–the App, Sensors, Data Servers, Trends & Evaluation System, and the HCP Viewing Interface–to ensure that stakeholder requirements are adequately met and any risks can be properly mitigated. The system would also undergo a modeling & simulation experiment to validate its capabilities. This system, should it be approved, would ensure highly secure transmission of health data and overall effective and accurate health data tracking that satisfies the requirements for the health system set out by the USA Government.
